Question 1/23

The below media query should be applied to all the css styles.@media not print and (min-width: 700px) { /* all my styles written here*/ }On which of the following devices will it work?
	Mobile phone device (~300px wide)
	Tablet device (~690px wide)
	Desktop device (~1000px wide)
	(Answer)-- All of the above
  
Question 2/23

In the following media query example, what conditions are being targeted?
@media (min-width: 1024px), screen and (orientation: landscape) { … }
	(Answer)-- The rule will apply to a device that has either a width of 1024px or wider, or is a 	screen device in landscape mode.
	The rule will apply to a device that has a width of 1024px or narrower and is a 	screen device in landscape mode.
	The rule will apply to a device that has a width of 1024px or wider and is a screen 	device in landscape mode.
	The rule will apply to a device that has a width of 1024px or narrower, or is a screen 	device in landscape mode
  
Question 3/23

………… is the CSS3 media query, which returns output style portrait of height is greater than or equal to width, landscape if the opposite.
	position
	portrait
	(Answer)-- orientation
	landscape
  
Question 4/23

When using the Flexbox method,what property and value is used to display flex items in a column?
(Answer)--	flex-flow:column;or flex-direction:column
	flex-flow:column;
	flex-column:auto;
	flex-direction:column;
  
Question 5/23

The flex-direction property is used to specify the direction that flex items are displayed. What are the values used to specify
the direction of the items in the following examples?
(Answer)--	Example 1: flex-direction: row; Example 2: flex-direction: row-reverse; Example 3: 	flex-direction: column; Example 4: flex-direction:column-reverse;
	Example 1: flex-direction: row-reverse; Example 2: flex-direction: row; Example 3: 	flex-direction: column-reverse; Example 4:
	flex-direction: column;
	Example 1: flex-direction: row; Example 2: flex-direction: row-reverse; Example 3: 	flex-direction: column; Example 4: flexdirection: reverse-column;
	Example 1: flex-direction: column; Example 2: flex-direction: column-reverse; 	Example 3: flex-direction: row; Example 4: flexdirection: row-reverse;
  
Question 6/23

What is the default flex-flow?
	Flex
	Normal
(Answer)--	Row nowrap
	Row wrap
  
Question 7/23

From which version of Internet Explorer is Flexbox supported?
	IE8
	IE9
	IE10
(Answer)--	IE11
	EDGE
  
Question 8/23

Flex-basis defines?
(Answer)--	The width of the flex box
	the base of the flex element
	the boldness of the flex element
	if the flex element is visible
  
Question 9/23

Flexbox layout is most appropriate to the components of an application, and small-scale layouts, while the Grid layout is intended for larger scale layouts.
(Answer)--	True
	False
  
Question 10/23

Which of the following measurements is relative to 1% of the height of the viewport?
	ch
	rem
	%
(Answer)--	vh
  
Question 11/23

Which of the following specifies how much the item will grow relative to the rest of the flexible items inside the same container?
	Flex-scale
	Flex-size
(Answer)--	Flex-grow
	Flex-flow
  
Question 12/23

To use flexbox we define a container as a flexbox. What is the CSS to do this?
	position:absolute;
	float:left;
(Answer)--	display:flex;
	display:block;
  
Question 13/23

Flex-wrap allows you to do what?
	define the direction of how elements are positioned based on either row or column
	define how to position elements vertically
(Answer)--	define how elements will wrap when the browser width is changed
	defines how position elements horizontally
  
Question 14/23

Which of the following measurements defines a measurement relative to the height of a font in em spaces?
	px
	in
(Answer)--	em
	pt
  
Question 15/23

Which Flexbox statement does not exist?
(Answer)--	align-items: space-between
	justify-content: space-between;
	display: inline-flex;
	align-self: auto;
  
Question 16/23

To use flexbox we define a container as a flexbox. What is the CSS to do this?
	Position: Absolute
	Float: left
(Answer)--	display: flex
	display: block
  
Question 17/23

Justify-content allows you to do what?
	define the direction of how elements are positioned based on either row or column
	define how elements will wrap when the browser width is changed
	define how to position elements vertically
(Answer)--	defines how position elements horizontally
  
Question 18/23

Which of the following properties aligns the flexible container’s items when the items do not use all available space on the main-axis?
	Wrap-content
	Fix-content
(Answer)--	Justify-content
	Adjust-content
  
Question 19/23

Flex-wrap allows you to do what?
	define the direction of how elements are positioned based on either row or column
(Answer)--	define how elements will wrap when the browser width is changed
	define how to position elements vertically
	defines how position elements horizontally
  
Question 20/23

Flex-direction is applied to a flex element not the whole flex box.
	True
(Answer)--	False
  
Question 21/23

Which of the following measurements is relative to 1 percentage of the width of the viewport?
(Answer)--	vw
	vmax
	vmin
	ch
  
Question 22/23

What is the default orientation within a flex container?
(Answer)--	Horizontal
	Vertical
	Perpendicular
	Diagonal
  
Question 23/23

The css property "order" for flex items allows you to _________.
(Answer)--	specify in what order the flex items appear
	specify in what direction the flex items appear
	specify at what time flex items appear
	none of the above.
